CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

#### Install dependencies from `package.json`
Install [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) if not already present,
then install deps via `yarn` shell command

#### Linting
Recommend using an eslint addon for your code editor that can reference the .eslintrc config

#### Committing
Please use `npm run commit` for standardized commit messages!

#### Useful build scripts
- Full list of available tasks `npm run`
- `npm run lint` Lint files
- `npm run test` Run Tests or `npm run test:watch` for continuous development
- `npm run docs` Build docs or `npm run docs:watch` for continuous development
- `npm run build` Build distribution bundles (note: this will be done automatically during release)

#### Publishing new versions
Update CHANGELOG.md with any changes, following the format provided.
Run `npm run release` and follow the prompts. This will lint, test, build packages, docs, demo website, publish to npm, update tags as new release on github, as well as push the website/docs with updated bundle to gh-pages branch.

Commit message:

refactor: merge 2.3.4 master and fix changes lost in prior dev merge
The ヶヵforms can stand in for "ka, ga, or ko" and are effectively being used like symbols/kanji (and not as kana) when seen in 一ヶ月 etc.
Therefore we should make no assumptions about converting them.
However, allowing the individual small forms to be entered specifically via (x|l)(ke|ka|wa) in toKana() is still a valid use case and the functionality has been retained.

build: prevent lint-staged occuring twice

docs: update repo usage info

docs: add contributor

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

#### Install dependencies from `package.json`
Install [node LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install),
then install deps via `yarn` shell command.

#### Committing
Please use `yarn cz` for standardized commit messages!

#### Linting & Formatting
Recommend using an eslint addon for your code editor that can reference the .eslintrc config.
Files will be formatted using prettier during commit, so many errors will be fixed automagically anyway.
Any leftover linting errors will be displayed after formatting and will need to be corrected.
After fixing, you can re-use your commit message details with `yarn cz --retry`.

#### Useful build scripts
- `yarn test` Run Tests or `yarn test:watch` for continuous development, or `yarn test:view` to open in browser
- `yarn docs` Build docs or `yarn docs:watch` for continuous development, or `yarn docs:view` to open in browser
- `yarn build` Build distribution bundles (note: this will still be done automatically during release)

#### Publishing new versions
Update CHANGELOG.md with any changes, following the format provided.
Run `yarn release` and follow the prompts. This will lint, test, build packages, docs, demo website, publish to npm, update tags as new release on github, as well as push the website/docs with updated bundle to gh-pages branch.
