README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <!-- Npm Version -->
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/wanakana">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/wanakana.svg" alt="NPM package" />
  </a>
  <!-- Build Status -->
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/WaniKani/WanaKana">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/travis/WaniKani/WanaKana.svg" alt="Build Status" />
  </a>
  <!-- Test Coverage -->
  <a href="https://coveralls.io/github/WaniKani/WanaKana">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/coveralls/WaniKani/WanaKana.svg" alt="Test Coverage" />
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
<h1>ワナカナ &lt;--&gt; WanaKana &lt;--&gt; わなかな</h1>
<h4>Javascript utility library for checking and converting between Kanji, Hiragana, Katakana, and Romaji</h4>
</div>

## Demo
Visit the [website](http://www.wanakana.com) to see WanaKana in action.

## Documentation
[Extended API reference](http://www.wanakana.com/docs/global.html)

## Quick Start
#### Install
```shell
yarn add wanakana
# alternatively: npm install wanakana
```
#### Or download the minified bundle for browser use
[wanakana.min.js](https://raw.github.com/WaniKani/WanaKana/gh-pages/assets/js/wanakana.min.js)

#### HTML:
```html
<input type="text" id="wanakana-input" autocapitalize="none" />
<script src="node_modules/wanakana/lib/wanakana.min.js"></script>
<script>
  const textInput = document.querySelector('#wanakana-input');
  wanakana.bind(textInput); // uses IMEMode toKana() as default
</script>
```

#### JavaScript:
```javascript
/* UMD/CommonJS */
const wanakana = require('wanakana');

/* ES modules */
import wanakana from 'wanakana';
// with destructuring
import { toKana, isRomaji } from 'wanakana';
// or directly reference single methods for smaller builds:
import isKanji from 'wanakana/isKanji';

/*** DEFAULT OPTIONS ***/
{
  // Use obsolete kana characters, such as ゐ and ゑ.
  useObsoleteKana: false,
  // Pass through romaji when using toKatakana() or toHiragana()
  passRomaji: false,
  // Convert katakana to uppercase when using toRomaji()
  upcaseKatakana: false,
  // Convert characters from a text input while being typed.
  IMEMode: false, // alternatives are: true, 'toHiragana', or 'toKatakana'
}

/*** DOM HELPERS ***/
// Automatically converts text using an eventListener on input
// bind() uses option: { IMEMode: true } with `toKana()` by default
// Alternatives are: 'toHiragana' or 'toKatakana' to enforce kana type
wanakana.bind(domElement [, options]);

// Removes event listener
wanakana.unbind(domElement);


/*** TEXT CHECKING UTILITIES ***/
wanakana.isJapanese('泣き虫。！〜２￥')
// => true

wanakana.isKana('あーア')
// => true

wanakana.isHiragana('げーむ')
// => true

wanakana.isKatakana('ゲーム')
// => true

wanakana.isKanji('切腹')
// => true

wanakana.isMixed('お腹A')
// => true

wanakana.isRomaji('Tōkyō and Ōsaka')
// => true

/*
 * toKana notes:
 * Lowercase -> Hiragana.
 * Uppercase -> Katakana.
 * Non-romaji and _English_ punctuation is passed through: 123 @#$%
 * Limited Japanese equivalent punctuation is converted:
 * !?.:/,~-‘’“”[](){}
 * ！？。：・、〜ー「」『』［］（）｛｝
 */
wanakana.toKana('ONAJI buttsuuji')
// => 'オナジ ぶっつうじ'
wanakana.toKana('座禅‘zazen’スタイル')
// => '座禅「ざぜん」スタイル'
wanakana.toKana('batsuge-mu')
// => 'ばつげーむ'

wanakana.toHiragana('toukyou, オオサカ')
// => 'とうきょう、　おおさか'
wanakana.toHiragana('only カナ', { passRomaji: true })
// => 'only かな'
wanakana.toHiragana('wi', { useObsoleteKana: true })
// => 'ゐ'

wanakana.toKatakana('toukyou, おおさか')
// => 'トウキョウ、　オオサカ'
wanakana.toKatakana('only かな', { passRomaji: true })
// => 'only カナ'
wanakana.toKatakana('wi', { useObsoleteKana: true })
// => 'ヰ'

wanakana.toRomaji('ひらがな　カタカナ')
// => 'hiragana katakana'
wanakana.toRomaji('ひらがな　カタカナ', { upcaseKatakana: true })
// => 'hiragana KATAKANA'


/*** EXTRA UTILITIES ***/
wanakana.stripOkurigana('お祝い')
// => 'お祝'
wanakana.stripOkurigana('踏み込む')
// => '踏み込'
wanakana.stripOkurigana('踏み込む', { all: true })
// => '踏込'

wanakana.tokenize('ふふフフ')
// => ['ふふ', 'フフ']
wanakana.tokenize('感じ')
// => ['感', 'じ']
wanakana.tokenize('I said "私は悲しい"')
// => ['I said "','私', 'は', '悲', 'しい', '"']
```

## Contributing
Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Contributors
- [Mims H. Wright](https://github.com/mimshwright) – Author
- [Duncan Bay](https://github.com/DJTB) – Author
- [James McNamee](https://github.com/dotfold) – Contributor

## Credits
Project sponsored by [Tofugu](http://www.tofugu.com) & [WaniKani](http://www.wanikani.com)

## Ports
  The following are ports created by the community:
  - Java ([MasterKale/WanaKanaJava](https://github.com/MasterKale/WanaKanaJava))

Commit message:

refactor: merge 2.3.4 master and fix changes lost in prior dev merge
The ヶヵforms can stand in for "ka, ga, or ko" and are effectively being used like symbols/kanji (and not as kana) when seen in 一ヶ月 etc.
Therefore we should make no assumptions about converting them.
However, allowing the individual small forms to be entered specifically via (x|l)(ke|ka|wa) in toKana() is still a valid use case and the functionality has been retained.

build: prevent lint-staged occuring twice

docs: update repo usage info

docs: add contributor

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <!-- Npm Version -->
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/wanakana">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/wanakana.svg" alt="NPM package" />
  </a>
  <!-- Build Status -->
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/WaniKani/WanaKana">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/travis/WaniKani/WanaKana.svg" alt="Build Status" />
  </a>
  <!-- Test Coverage -->
  <a href="https://coveralls.io/github/WaniKani/WanaKana">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/coveralls/WaniKani/WanaKana.svg" alt="Test Coverage" />
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
<h1>ワナカナ &lt;--&gt; WanaKana &lt;--&gt; わなかな</h1>
<h4>Javascript utility library for checking and converting between Kanji, Hiragana, Katakana, and Romaji</h4>
</div>

## Demo
Visit the [website](http://www.wanakana.com) to see WanaKana in action.

## Documentation
[Extended API reference](http://www.wanakana.com/docs/global.html)

## Quick Start
#### Install
```shell
yarn add wanakana
# alternatively: npm install wanakana
```
#### Or to get the minified browser (umd) bundle
[https://unpkg.com/wanakana](https://unpkg.com/wanakana)

#### HTML:
```html
<input type="text" id="wanakana-input" autocapitalize="none" />
<script src="https://unpkg.com/wanakana"></script>
<script>
  const textInput = document.querySelector('#wanakana-input');
  wanakana.bind(textInput); // uses IMEMode toKana() as default
</script>
```

#### JavaScript:
```javascript
/* UMD/CommonJS */
const wanakana = require('wanakana');

/* ES modules */
import wanakana from 'wanakana';
// with destructuring
import { toKana, isRomaji } from 'wanakana';
// or directly reference single methods for smaller builds:
import isKanji from 'wanakana/isKanji';

/*** DEFAULT OPTIONS ***/
{
  // Use obsolete kana characters, such as ゐ and ゑ.
  useObsoleteKana: false,
  // Pass through romaji when using toKatakana() or toHiragana()
  passRomaji: false,
  // Convert katakana to uppercase when using toRomaji()
  upcaseKatakana: false,
  // Convert characters from a text input while being typed.
  IMEMode: false, // alternatives are: true, 'toHiragana', or 'toKatakana'
}

/*** DOM HELPERS ***/
// Automatically converts text using an eventListener on input
// bind() uses option: { IMEMode: true } with `toKana()` by default
// Alternatives are: 'toHiragana' or 'toKatakana' to enforce kana type
wanakana.bind(domElement [, options]);

// Removes event listener
wanakana.unbind(domElement);


/*** TEXT CHECKING UTILITIES ***/
wanakana.isJapanese('泣き虫。！〜２￥')
// => true

wanakana.isKana('あーア')
// => true

wanakana.isHiragana('げーむ')
// => true

wanakana.isKatakana('ゲーム')
// => true

wanakana.isKanji('切腹')
// => true

wanakana.isMixed('お腹A')
// => true

wanakana.isRomaji('Tōkyō and Ōsaka')
// => true

/*
 * toKana notes:
 * Lowercase -> Hiragana.
 * Uppercase -> Katakana.
 * Non-romaji and _English_ punctuation is passed through: 123 @#$%
 * Limited Japanese equivalent punctuation is converted:
 * !?.:/,~-‘’“”[](){}
 * ！？。：・、〜ー「」『』［］（）｛｝
 */
wanakana.toKana('ONAJI buttsuuji')
// => 'オナジ ぶっつうじ'
wanakana.toKana('座禅‘zazen’スタイル')
// => '座禅「ざぜん」スタイル'
wanakana.toKana('batsuge-mu')
// => 'ばつげーむ'

wanakana.toHiragana('toukyou, オオサカ')
// => 'とうきょう、　おおさか'
wanakana.toHiragana('only カナ', { passRomaji: true })
// => 'only かな'
wanakana.toHiragana('wi', { useObsoleteKana: true })
// => 'ゐ'

wanakana.toKatakana('toukyou, おおさか')
// => 'トウキョウ、　オオサカ'
wanakana.toKatakana('only かな', { passRomaji: true })
// => 'only カナ'
wanakana.toKatakana('wi', { useObsoleteKana: true })
// => 'ヰ'

wanakana.toRomaji('ひらがな　カタカナ')
// => 'hiragana katakana'
wanakana.toRomaji('ひらがな　カタカナ', { upcaseKatakana: true })
// => 'hiragana KATAKANA'


/*** EXTRA UTILITIES ***/
wanakana.stripOkurigana('お祝い')
// => 'お祝'
wanakana.stripOkurigana('踏み込む')
// => '踏み込'
wanakana.stripOkurigana('踏み込む', { all: true })
// => '踏込'

wanakana.tokenize('ふふフフ')
// => ['ふふ', 'フフ']
wanakana.tokenize('感じ')
// => ['感', 'じ']
wanakana.tokenize('I said "私は悲しい"')
// => ['I said "','私', 'は', '悲', 'しい', '"']
```

## Contributing
Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Contributors
- [Mims H. Wright](https://github.com/mimshwright) – Author
- [Duncan Bay](https://github.com/DJTB) – Author
- [Geggles](https://github.com/geggles) – Contributor
- [James McNamee](https://github.com/dotfold) – Contributor

## Credits
Project sponsored by [Tofugu](http://www.tofugu.com) & [WaniKani](http://www.wanikani.com)

## Ports
  The following are ports created by the community:
  - Java ([MasterKale/WanaKanaJava](https://github.com/MasterKale/WanaKanaJava))
